# CSCI158
AIR DROP GAME
AIR DROP

This game was created in order to be a visual representation of the United States foreign aid to countries across the world. The aid that the United States gives to other counties is usually broken up into two major categories, military aid and economic aid. Countries that receive foreign aid include developing counties, countries of strategic importance to the United States, and countries recovering from a time of war. Foreign aid is usually unpopular with the general public because they overestimate foreign aid as a share of the total federal budget. The United States government channels about half of its economic aid through a special organization knows as United States Agency for International Development (USAID).  Foreign aid between the United States State department and USAID totaled to 50.1 billion dollars in the 2017 fiscal year.  

There are many countries that are extremely generous with their foreign aid but the United States is on the top of the list. Germany contributed over $20 billion this past year. The list is dominated by European nations, but the UAE, Canada and Japan are also in the top 10.  Every year the United States supports over 100 foreign governments with billions of dollars’ worth of aid funding.  The objective is to support global peace, security and development.  In 2016 the United States aid was spent primarily in the Middle East. $3.1 billion in aid to Israel, $1.5 billion to Afghanistan and $1.46 billion to Egypt. 
The objective and message that I am trying to narrate with this game is to get a visual representation of the impact that the United States has across the world. The United States is the leading nation in foreign aid. After playing this short game the user will see that the United States aids far beyond the borders if this country. 
To play this game you will be controlling and American helicopter. This helicopter will be capable of flying anywhere in the world in a matter of seconds. Your goal is to drip care packages to each country in need of assistance and aid. Your generosity meter is increased with every country that you aid. When you complete your mission of aiding each country you finally win. 
